Moscow Federal Air Agency
Russian transport held
press conference dedicated
Malaysian disaster investigation
boeing the main topic of steel messages
which is now circulating media and social
networks via common cnn channels
information the plane was shot down
pro or russian
anti-government forces in Ukraine
according to Russian experts in the field
aviation all this can be regarded as
putting pressure on investigators
since the final investigation report
tragedy will be ready only through
several months now
we see only speculation and this
despite the fact that only Russia
made public its materials
investigation of the causes of the disaster almost
Immediately after the liner crash, experts
Aviation industry gathered in Moscow
claims that representatives
international investigation is not too
arranged to cooperate with
Russian specialists who
offered them their help also they
emphasize that in Russia there is
modern radar stations
for example in the Rostov region on their
According to the plane
flight mh17 shot down anti-government
force using rocket class
ground-to-air radar in southern Russia
fixed release but it is not
happened and this data is presented
world community besides
interesting is the fact that
even before the tragedy of the international
aviation organization banned flights
through the air zone of the Crimea
this decision was made after his
Association with Russia however flight
over the east of Ukraine were not banned
despite the fighting that
were there at that time
experts who participated in this
press conferences said that
comment only assumptions and opinions
appeared in the media they are not entitled
disclose the details of the closed
investigations final report on
which will be made public in the middle
October 2015